[DOCS] Updates to Lens docs (#67694)
elastic/kibana: docs/visualize/lens.asciidoc

beta[]

> *Lens* provides you with a simple and fast way to create visualizations of your {es} data. With *Lens*, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Lens* is a simple and fast way to create visualizations of your {es} data. With *Lens*, 
```

you drag and drop your data fields onto the visualization builder pane, and *Lens* automatically generates 

> a visualization that best dsiplays your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a visualization that best displays your data.
```

* Explore your data in just a few clicks.

* Create visualizations with multiple layers and indices.

* Use the automatically generated visualization suggestions to change the visualization type.

* Add your visualizations to dashboards and Canvas workpads.

To get started with *Lens*, click a field in the data panel, then drag and drop the field on a highlighted area.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_drag_drop.gif[]

You can incorporate many fields into your visualization, and Lens uses heuristics to decide how to apply each one to the visualization.

TIP: Drag-and-drop capabilities are available only when Lens knows how to use the data. If *Lens* is unable to automatically generate a visualization,
you can still configure the customization options for your visualization.

[float]
[[apply-lens-filters]]
==== Filter the data panel fields

The fields in the data panel based on your selected <<index-patterns, index pattern>>, and the <<set-time-filter,time filter>>. 

To change the index pattern, click it, then select a new one. The fields in the data panel automatically update.

To filter the fields in the data panel:

* Enter the name in *Search field names*.

> * Click *Filter by type*, then select the filter. To show all of the fields in the index pattern, select *Only show fields with data*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click *Filter by type*, then select the filter. To show all of the fields in the index pattern, deselect *Only show fields with data*.
```

This is about to change in 7.9

[float]
[[view-data-summaries]]

> ==== View the top values

Reviewer: It's not just showing top values, it also shows the distribution of numeric data. I don't think this section needed to be updated.

[[change-the-visualization-type]]
==== Change the visualization type

> *Lens* enables you to switch between any supported visualization type at any time with *Suggestions*.

Reviewer: I want to distinguish between the "chart switcher" and the "suggestions" even though they are implemented in a similar way.

```suggestion
*Lens* enables you to switch between any supported visualization type at any time.
```

> *Suggestions* are shortcuts to alternate visualizations that *Lens* generates for you based on your index data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Suggestions* are shortcuts to alternate visualizations that *Lens* generates for you.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_suggestions.gif[]

If you'd like to use a visualization type that is not suggested, click the visualization type,
then select a new one. 

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_viz-types.png[]

When there is an exclamation point (!)
next to a visualization type, Lens is unable to transfer your data, but
still allows you to make the change.

[float]
[[customize-operation]]

> ==== Change the data aggregation and labels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Change the aggregation and labels
```
